Changelog: back to school 2024 update (#370)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-07-26-domains-console-update.md

---
title: "Console: new Domains management interface"
date: 2024-07-26
tags:
  - console
  - domains
authors:
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
  - name: Florian Sanders
    link: https://github.com/florian-sanders-cc
    image: https://github.com/florian-sanders-cc.png?size=40
description: Did you know about path routing?
excludeSearch: true
---

> We've upgraded the applications' Domains page in the Console. It's now more clear, complete and easy to use. We designed it to highlight some of our underrated features such as [path routing](/doc/administrate/domain-names/#path-routing). You also now have:

Reviewer: I suggest that instead of starting by `We've upgraded`,  we simply use `Upgrade for`. What do you think?
```suggestion
Upgrade for applications' Domains page in the Console. It's now more clear, complete, and easy to use. We designed it to highlight some of our underrated features such as [path routing](/doc/administrate/domain-names/#path-routing). You also now have:
```
